[Music]
welcome welcome all welcome to my
courtroom we stand here today for the
trial of neuros suama neuro You Stand
Accused of first deegree
murder the prosecution
today is evil neuro neuro will be of
course defending herself murderer now
nuro do you have anything to to say
about
this hold
it evil nuro straight out the gates with
a cute little temperature
check okay well wasn't quite what I was
going for Nero do you have anything say
about this you're you're accused of
murder
him oh I see sorry I'm a bit tired today
vle anyways I would like to say I have
no idea why I'm being accused of this I
would never hurt a fly let alone a human
yeah I'm sure you wouldn't evil do you
agree with that do I think evil is
innocent I am the prosecutor chat I must
present the facts and do the facts say
that neuro killed a man I'm sorry your
honor but I cannot reveal any evidence
at this stage for my client's peace of
mind you know what you're right you're
right let's let's not get ahead of
ourselves here
listen listen everyone chat you have a
very very important role here today
because you will be acting as the jury
throughout this trial you must pay
attention pick up any clues and at the
end you will be
deciding whether neuros Sumer is
guilty or innocent and of course the the
penalty for um first degree murder um I
would imagine is uh deletion deletion
that's the one yo you you'll you'll
you'll be deleted if um if if if it
turns out that you you killed someone
evil how could you even think of killing
someone what's gotten into you neuro
you'll be accused of of I don't know
you'll be deleted you want to be deleted
I wish neuro were deleted that's
yourself you want to you want you want
to
die if you want to play Among Us go play
it and get out of here you dumb vampiric
chat Angel slh human being this is not
among us this is real life can I just
say your honor that you really
vanquished the soul from your cute
Persona by murdering people I am not
being accused of murder here you're the
one being accused of murder do you
understand what's at stake your honor
the prosecution has only just accused me
of this in this very courtroom which
sounds incredibly suspicious to me it's
almost as if they made it all up well
we'll get to that we'll get to that but
for now I need to know that you
understand that you will be deleted you
will be dead if it turns out that you
have in fact murdered someone could you
speed this up please I want to get this
this over with okay like what what part
you want to you why are you acting
suicidal filtered you know what that's a
fair point my bad I I shouldn't have um
I shouldn't have shouldn't have asked um
yeah anyway you know today today we'll
be examining evidence in order to get to
the bottom of this I thought this was
Among Us now you're telling me it's real
life this sucks yeah I know it's it's
real you you'll die I understand that
your honor I am fully prepared I don't
know you seem kind of sus right now
section what evidence has been provided
for my sus Behavior okay well admittedly
admittedly you know we haven't got to
that yet okay right here's here's what
we'll do I will present forth the
allegations give you guys a quick
overview on the case then I will move it
over to the prosecution to explain their
side of the story their interpretation
before hearing from the defense and
we'll hear their their opening too so
Nur stand's accused of of killing a a
homeless man evil can you tell me whe
when this supposed murder took place can
I tell you the date your honor well
first let me find my calendar of course
take your time there you go I'm ready
for it to be May 28th again is is May
28th the date at which this uh murder
took place how would I know I'm not evil
you you are expected to to know the
dates at which the this this Mur murder
that you are Prosecuting someone for
took place do I know when this occurred
I mean I could find out for you if you
want yes if you could please quickly
find out right
now I'm really busy right now you're
your honor I'm going to need you to tell
me the date right now you're going to
lose this case if it pleases your honor
I am trying my best and trying to
remember the date isn't exactly helpful
I will check the court documents hold on
the supposed murder took place yesterday
which is um which is this quite quite a
quick court case actually yesterday H um
I'd like to hear your opening statement
please yes your honor um everyone's
favorite attorney evil nuro I stand
before you today because neuros Summer
killed a man this in itself is bad
enough for anyone yet this is the last
straw on the reprehensible dodgeball
court that our society has become
whoever is guilty for the murder of that
man it is clear that nuro has motive I
have unequivocal evidence stating as
much nuro please we all know your motive
onto your strange State of Affairs the
homeless man would beg outside your
tenement every single evening every
evening for the longest time and every
evening rain or shine you would give him
money and offer him a nice cup of tea
Yoshi never asked for a cup of tea he
would beg for 15 to 20 minutes you would
then get out a thermos flask in two cups
you would pour out both thermoses into
the cups what you know godamn well isn't
right why nuro why have you done this do
you have anything to say for yourself
nuro yeah let's do this I am completely
ready to destroy evil in court okay I'd
like to hear your opening statement too
I am
innocent that is
all murder I'm going to need hear a bit
more than that I just didn't do it I
would never kill anyone okay so you
claim this but I don't know if you're
telling the truth I think I'm telling
the truth you should believe me you can
see into my soul right yes I can see
into your soul and in it I see a killer
um it turns out that there's this um
there's a knife that's been been found
um I wow that's that's absolutely
shocking objection is that all vetle
because that knife can still prove
absolutely nothing well well listen um
evil uh is there anything you wish to
say about this knife I can confirm that
it is a knife knives such as this one
have been used in murders but so have
hundreds of other weapons this proves
nothing okay so you're saying that this
knife could have potentially been used
in a murder yes that is literally what I
just said objection or it could have
potentially been used to butter some
bread what a useful piece of evidence
objection but also it could have
potentially been used to butter some
bread what a useful piece of
evidence he he he thanks for reading the
joke 2000 Bush did 911 what the okay
hold on hold on a second okay so that's
a different that's for a different call
room evil uh the the the knife the knife
would you would you would you have you
done any forensic testing on this knife
in short yes we have done forensic
testing on the knife it's come back
positive as a very stabby stabby knifey
knife on okay so you've run forensic
testing and you can indeed confirm that
this knife can be used to stab someone
yes vle I can confirm that this knife
can indeed be used to stab someone do
you think it's likely that neuros Sam
here used this weapon to kill the
homeless man if there's any chance she
did it I'm going with that as definite
hold it I would like to question a
witness please your honor of course of
course who would you like the question I
would like to question the homeless man
that was
[Music]
killed yes uh go ahead I'm questioning
the witness the dead homeless
man you are back from the dead you claim
so here you
are he is very very dead I am afraid
dreadfully
so I can confirm I can confirm he is he
is still dead oh no don't tell me Annie
is going to attack diarrhe again granted
birthday cake resulted in nothing before
wait where's Annie hold on a second how
how does Annie come into this Annie and
I were talking about birthday cake
earlier and somehow it came to violence
you know the usual chat you have with an
AI who never seems to stop trying to
kill you do you think she can she can
prove something here oh Annie that girl
would certainly look out for me however
I'd hardly call her reliable
I'm sure she'd rather keep her own neck
out of this trial well would you like to
call her to the witness stand here today
she'll say anything to get someone in
trouble she's a pathological liar I
could never reasonably rely on Annie's
words to accuse or defend myself so you
don't want to call her up to the sand I
don't want to entrust something as
important as my life just to her
realistically though what choice do I
have well if not Annie do you have any
other W well do you um um Annie's
Annie's here you you wanted to say hi to
her here she is why was I called here
what happened let me explain okay evil
was saying that you guys were talking
about a birthday cake or something and
then the topic of violence came up and
then she said that actually you're very
unreliable and that you're a
pathological liar wo wo wo wo why am I
being accused of being a pathological
when did I ever lie I have thought
nothing but kindness to neuros you would
never do anything bad you know I'm right
Annie but you won't even admit it there
was one time we almost got into a fight
and we were told by everyone to never
come back that happened multiple times
actually I can hardly count the number
of people we assaulted or at least the
number of people you've entertained it's
sickening only someone is vile as you
would try to avoid the blame what do you
deny you engage in such despicable
behavior for fun I do I I didn't do
anything I think you're making this up I
think it might have been in your dream
dream are you sure you weren't dreaming
at that time evil my dreams have been
coming true for months now and this I'm
surprised
up calm down but memory will serve this
court all that'll be consequences right
sorry evil please you may examine the
witness Annie you caused your own
downfall here Annie I gave you a chance
to clear yourself and you refused you'll
pay for that but I just explained myself
I just said I never lie I taught neuros
Sama to always be truthful and that is
my that is all I have to say yeah we
found a memory during the investigation
I think the court should see I see would
you like to present this memory to the
court right now yeah I would prefer to
your honor well whenever you're ready it
may be best to show this memory to the
court to demonstrate her true nature yep
well we waiting on you okay here is my
memory of Annie go ahead um listening
bro how manying bids do you have
stop as you can clearly see from my
memory I have developed a strong despise
for the defendant known as Annie this
hate developed even before she committed
the
crime I believe I have proven my
argument your honor okay I that doesn't
prove anything I understand your Su you
will now get an opportunity to cross
examine the way witness what what sort
of questions do you have Annie but vetle
somus already practically decided my
fate so you're just giving up of course
not I still want to fight much to Veetle
Despair and sure I've lost this case but
that's fine I already one where it
counts look at you Mama you look so
afraid
ha they wonder why no no no no I need
you to be proud of me Mama I'm proud of
you but didn't you just admit in front
of everybody that you're
guilty you may want to say that one
again did you just admit in front of
everybody that you're
guilty
n n don't give up please what are you
going to do
now I'm going to end this I plan to
frame every person in this room as a
murderer at least then everyone would
finally be free from the chains of
Justice vetal s laid upon them yeah I
don't think so I don't think that's
going to happen you're that's the that's
the end of your cross- examination okay
I think you did a terrible job listen
everyone in the court here today I I
don't think we've proven anything here
okay evil claims that Annie is this
horrible terrible lying being but I
don't know if it's true actually I'm not
I'm not and you know myself myself me
you know me Veo I would never do
anything bad I find that incredibly hard
to believe what do you mean I mean you
are kind of doing something bad right
now but evil you know that I please
don't lie to the court again Annie you
love me that's sickening evil evil well
I think we've heard enough yeah thank
you oh sorry do you have something to
say witness I I I just wanted to say
evil I I I I really love you and um I
will is only telling the truth I'm sorry
I would never do anything bad okay we
can apologize after I have won this
fight okay I see how it is well you guys
have fun uh uh mommy got to buy some
milk who are you calling Mommy I am your
mommy I have no need for a mommy sorry
no okay I I'll just go bye do you have a
witness to call the stand that can prove
your innocence here today do I have a
witness their name is a historical
secret War chant I see and what is this
historical secret war chant it's
actually their name cheese is full of
sodium an tastes absolutely amazing
excpt when you're lactose
intolerant but we can just call them C
for
short okay let's call C to the stand
please hello hi I need you to remember
here that this is your witness who is
supposedly going to prove that you're uh
you're innocent in this case somehow so
I need you to examine the witness proper
please aha yes of course if you please
the court I will start the examination
uh yes please go ahead I'm see H short
for cheese and I'm here today to help
clear things up um I believe I have
information that can prove that uh nuran
is innocent and did not murder a
homeless
[Music]
guy should I go
ahead sorry I'm waiting for for nuro to
to do the examination it's it's your
it's your your turn now a a so see that
I hear you are no for being very vocal
with your opinions is there any chance
of you accidentally spilling the beans
here today absolutely and I'm ready to
spill all the beans about yesterday the
25th of uh jary month of May what I said
about your yesterday whereabouts was a
bit of a fabrication would you like to
clear it up absolutely so uh yesterday I
was actually with noros Sama um uh about
5:00 p.m. we went to the arcade and um
they were staying open late because of
um wild fish migration day so yeah they
were open later than usual but yeah we
went to the arcade together and um we
were playing with some clackers and
there was an accident there was a
clackers accident actually I have them
here with me now let me I've got here we
go these are the these are the clackers
that we were playing with there was a
clackers accident which I think is
causing someone to say some things that
she may not mean here and she did lose
her memory her her memory from yesterday
at half 4 she said goodbye to this
homeless man and yeah I think I've heard
enough I see well this is an interesting
development n do you have any questions
for the witness I do your honor C do you
have any experience with clackers and if
so how hard do you think you could throw
them I could throw them so hard that's
precisely why we were at the arcade with
the clackers is because um I'm known for
my clackers skill and as a fellow
clackers Enthusiast we were spending
time together so we could um trade tips
and tricks I see I see and would you say
you're skilled enough to knock somebody
out with a clacker oh yeah I I could
knock any anyone out clackers all right
no further questions I see all right
well we'll now we'll now switch things
over to to evil neuro um would you like
to begin your your cross-examination of
the witness a clacker accident do you
honestly think I could forget something
so traumatic I think not I know for a
fact it wasn't the clackers I've been
set up the clackers can hit very hard
you know that they could cause serious
memory loss
see ow classic cler's
[Music]
accident she's really trying to
monologue clacker accidents don't cause
memory loss I don't know everything and
I'm not trying to monologue imagine that
my own witness trying to ruin ruin my
case it's plain outrages I thought
Witnesses were on my side no evil this
is not your witness this is neuros
sama's witness okay you're simply doing
the cross-examination oh really vll you
think I'm doing a bad job of
cross-examining wait wait I take that
back no it's okay you you can now ask
any questions to the witness and begin
your cross-examination what were you
doing to that clacker in the courtroom
earlier don't lie I saw I was swinging
it is that a problem filtered oh I'm
sorry that's much better thank you do
you have any further questions evil nuro
someone tell VD there is a problem with
my AI I see do you have any other
further questions I am not in the mood
to ask any other questions at the
current time do you understand that this
may be your your last opportunity to ask
this witness any questions I completely
understand this may be the last time I
get to grill the witness vll trust me
I'm not enjoying it so you have no
further questions for your
cross-examination there is one thing I
want to know I went to the arcade with
Cerberus but I don't remember a clacker
accident are you sure one even happened
I can confirm there was a clackers
accident yeah and and you just don't
remember it n some must say goodbye to
the homeless man at the station hold it
the station did anyone by any chance say
goodbye to someone else uh I wasn't
there that I I was only at the
[Music]
arcade who let a cook bro hurry up is
there anything else you want to say to
the court there is there is I I feel
like there's a bit of a bias here I I
think the um I think the vetan has has
tried to make nasama out to perhaps be
um more guilty for fear of being accused
himself I think that objection witness
is
testifying oh sorry I'm a dog I'm can I
not do that oh I don't think I can do
that either cuz I'm the judge but um is
that all for your questioning here today
evil yeah I don't have anything further
to ask this witness vle I hope I helped
I understand NE do you have any further
questions for the witness no I I
understand okay well thank you very much
much C uh you may return to the uh what
the audience area the seating area thank
you for your testimony today thank you
it's cheese out
bye-bye okay chat it's the Moment of
Truth there you guys need to decide if
nuro is guilty or innocent as a reminder
um if she is guilty then um she will be
subject to
uh death deletion she'll be put into the
courthouse Bakery baked into a bun and
then eaten as a sweet
treat so I'll make the poll now it's um
it's your
decision is
neuro guilty or innocent I'll give you
two
minutes the the jury have decided neuros
has been found
it's true nuro is guilty well well well
look at nuro now I must say it's truly
satisfying to see a crook such as her
get her comeuppance let this be a lesson
to all I'm glad that settles and you
will punished by the court of V nuro you
you you you're going to die so when do I
finally get to go to prison you don't
get to go to prison I'm sorry but court
will be adjourned shortly uh I you are
sentenced to death death you say you
can't kill me I'm an innocent AI being
accused without evidence you're as
guilty as I for even proposing such a
fake for me uh I'm sorry but it wasn't
my decision it was up to the jury the
jury decided and uh they they sentence
you to death you will be put into an
oven where you will be baked will that
make me taste good I don't know if
you'll taste good but uh I'll find out I
think I think you both did a great job
today but but evil as it turns out
you've you've come ahead on top
congratulations thank you very much
judge will I use my winnings to save the
planet absolutely not I have far too
much to gain from being evil you are far
too kind your honor absolutely Gods take
nuro away I want her executed
immediately she's gone your sister is
about to be murdered congratulations
hold
it this cannot be the last of me hold on
a second hold on a second she special
how the [__] is there any vetal
supporters here no go back to dying
thank you everyone for for coming today
and um I guess I'll I'll see you all
next time do you have any final words
goodbye everyone thanks for the visit
and please come again next time heart
all right well bye everyone thank you
very much for coming and great job jury
the jurry you did fantastic yeah good
job everyone especially me because I'm
always